hey guys today's video is going to be a
tutorial and as you can see from the
title it's going to be on kendall Jenner
so hope you guys enjoy it so firstly I'm
starting off with my foundation and i'm
using my revlon colorstay as I love that
foundation so much if I did put a bit of
Maybelline fit me in there as well
simply because my skin's gone a bit
darker because Suns been out in England
recently so I needed to mix two
foundations to make a little bit of a
darker shade and using Real Techniques
expert face brush to do this then I'm
just going to be priming my eyelids next
I didn't want to carry on with powder
and blushing that after I wanted to do
my eyes as I wanted to let my foundation
set a bit so I thought this would be
good to do next priming my eyelids
before I shadow is a great idea i love
the private patient as well next I'm
just taking the all that glitters
eyeshadow from Mac this is my math
palette here there we go that I shall I
am pointing to it it's a really really
good nice peachy shade I absolutely love
it I think that Kendall where's my
shadows like this quite often so perfect
I'm just blending it into my I here as
you can see up to the crease is kind of
defining it up fer bit more then I'm
going to be taking a black eyeshadow
from my urban decay naked palette and
I'm going to be learning the top of my
lash line with that kind of creating
more of a smoky look rather than and to
find them hence why i use the eyeshadow
rather than a liquid liner and yeah i
thought that's going to do for this one
then i'm just going to blend that with
the safe brush how you start is to
create again more sleek look
then I'm going to do some concealing
underneath my eyes I was worried a bit
about fallout from the eyeshadows I
thought I'd safety team to an after a
duck the eye shadow then I'm going to
just put some black eyeshadow again
underneath the eye by the lash line
again after it is the concealer thanks
time using Mac's MSF natural I really
like this powder but it flies everywhere
and less you use a small brush so that's
why I'm using a small one because i love
using bigger brushes on my face but
unfortunately the powder doesn't like my
big bro Techniques brush it through me
like smaller than brushes it along with
ace otherwise I'd waste way too much
products that's why I'm using a small
brush
then I'm just going to take my inbox
palette I was having so much i'm just
using the darker Browns having my
eyebrows
it's a really really good match my
eyebrows are really like
then I'm just going to be curling my
eyelashes and just in preparation from
when the scar already and to make them
curly i'm using this smoky lash mascara
from make up forever i really like this
mascara so far it's great it separates
lengthened volume mine is my eyelashes I
really really like it but it's quite
drying and clunky so you have to be
quite careful on that side then i'm
using NASA kuna bronzer I love this from
the same atoms just crumbling my face
with it I'm not contouring so I just
thought I'd kind of give myself some
peace look like they're ready then i'm
using my mac blush in flower power i
love this blush so much probably my
favorite one ever thought would be great
for this look as well
then I'm just going to be taking my mac
highlighter in soft and gentle and
highlighting the tops of my cheekbones
and renee's and
after that I'm going to be using angels
lipstick by Mac I love this color and
the Kardashian favorites I brought be
perfect for this tutorial
it just goes really well i'm also going
to be using a lip gloss after the
lipstick c'mon it's quite dry at the
moment so I needed a bit of glossiness
i'm using the baryons lip gloss i love
this so much it's not sticky and they
smell and taste amazing
so after this step that everything I did
our I'm basically finished now so here's
some final shots for you guys to see the
final look I shall you there
and so I hope that you guys enjoyed this
tutorial that we know if you want to see
any more Kardashian inspired looks and I
will see you all soon thank you for
watching back